## 24 May

**The Girl I Was, The Woman I Am**

I can’t help but feel nostalgic and long for things that have been. I find myself grieving for the past, wishing them as though they are the present. How different my world has now been—a stark contrast to what I had ten years ago. A part of me wants to go back on that fateful time with the newfound carefree nature that I have today, and bask in the moments with friends and loved ones. How different my relationships would be! Alas, I can only imagine.

I cannot bring myself to blame my past self nor my circumstances—I dealt with the cards I had back then to the best of my narrow abilities. Dark may they be, but that was how I perceived the world, and to me, it was light even when it’s not. It took a slow and steady shaking in order for the scales on my eyes to fall loose. It may have taken me longer than I should have wanted, but it’s better late than never. A part of me will always mourn for the have-beens, could-haves and what-ifs; but if not for those, I wouldn’t be the woman I am today.


## 31 May

After tens of applications amounting to hundreds, countless "ghosting" scenarios done to me in the months prior, and the myriad of heartaches and tears I went through and shed, now, with my husband's blessing and support, I will apply for engineering and project coordinator jobs abroad.

I laid my plans before God just this morning, not to force Him to bless this decision if He deems it is not aligned with what He wants for me and my husband, but to give God full authority and control over this decision. He may stop it; He may provide for it. For right now, I stand at a place where I can recognize God's closed doors, His walls of redirection, and I already have part of His wisdom to know that acceptance and obedience are far better than forcing what you want on Him. I will never again go the route of forcing my will on God and somehow trying to make Him open the doors I once thought were His. If there's one thing I learned, try as you may, He will never open it. "...and what He shuts no one can open."

And that brings me to the other half of the verse: "What He opens no one can shut..." I believe somewhere out there, God has already whispered my husband's and my name to the company He intends for us to bless and to grow from. We will not throw away what we started here in Australia; in fact, we will keep going. Our expressions of interest to be permanent residents and eventually citizens of Australia still brew strong and are still lodged. We just don't want to waste this time of waiting and eventually demoralize ourselves in the process. I value my husband's desire and potential, and I don't want his to be wasted, crumbled, and eventually washed away. My prayer to Jesus is for my husband to reach his full potential, to once again go back to working a white-collar job. I know that with the experience he has today, he has already gained hindsight on how blessed he was when he was still working as an engineer, and he has grown an appreciation for what he had before.

We will continue our Australian dream, but we will not be wasting this season of waiting.
