## july 28

Hi,

I hope you’re doing well.

Prior to this pandemic, Instagram was full of picturesque travel photos, food blogs, and seemingly joyful captured moments.

Now, however, it is flooded with throwback photos and captions rich with deep longing for pre-pandemic normalcy. We have been in isolation for too long now, and it has been both a gift and a curse—something that most of us, including me, can hardly bear.

This quarantine gave way to unwanted intruders in my mind: nightmares locked in my brain’s deep drawers crawled back, battles I thought I had evaded lifetimes ago asked for a harder rematch, and hard, painful truths I once covered with plaster haunted me all throughout the night.

It was painful—horrifying, even.

However, this time I was given the strength and grace to face them head-on, however scary the thought of it may seem. I then realized things I wouldn't have before and won battles I should have won the first time they knocked on my door.

In light of this notion, I’m choosing to relish the bright side of this isolation and celebrate the gift this season has to offer me. I choose to paint this dark time with gold from my learnings, black from my sufferings, and color from my yearnings. And I don’t want to waste a single second of it.

I’m hoping years from now, I’ll look back to see how this season has molded me—how I faced my demons and how God gave me grace and the strength to finish the day when I clearly couldn't do it on my own. Years down the road, I’d like to once again cherish my seemingly hard, narrow journey through the word-painted moments of this season I posted here on Instagram.

I believe many of us are experiencing this to a certain degree, though not everyone is vocal about it. I choose to speak and bring the problem into the light.

I hope and pray that you’ll be blessed by these too.

Lots of love,

Hannah
